hi I'm Diane Kamara and today I'm
dishing with dye I'm gonna show you how
to make spaghetti carbonara this is
spaghetti and a creamy sauce made with
Parmesan cheese and bacon and it's
simple to make so let's get started
I'm dish' with dye so you get this
recipe started the first thing that you
want to do is get a nice big pot of
water and put it on the stove and bring
it to a boil because you're gonna be
cooking spaghetti I also like to use
angel hair so whichever you choose and
you're also gonna need pancetta and this
is an Italian bacon and you see it's
about I guess that's an eighth to a
quarter inch thick and then over here I
have some finely minced garlic now if
you don't have pancetta you can also use
regular bacon for this it is a little
bit more salty and it does render a
little bit more fat so you might just
have to like drain it a little bit when
we get to that point but it'll taste the
same in the end so whatever floats your
boat
now what I'm gonna do with this bacon is
just cut it into some small squares just
like this the Bacon's gonna give this
sauce like a nice kind of smoky salty
flavor it's really delicious
and this is something that's so quick
and easy you can easily do this on a
weeknight
so the other things that I have for the
sauce are some grated Parmesan cheese
and I have some eggs here and a little
bit of heavy cream now the heavy cream
is optional my husband likes this sauce
a little extra creamy so I include it
but you don't have to traditional
carbonara sauce does not have cream in
it so whichever way you want to do it
it's up to you so now my water's coming
to a boil so I'm going to take the
spaghetti salt my water and throw it in
now while your pasta is cooking you want
to take a pan
put that over medium heat and then add a
little bit of olive oil in and then take
your chopped pancetta and put that into
the pan now if you're using regular
bacon you don't need to use the olive
oil I just like to throw a little bit in
the pan with the pancetta because
sometimes it doesn't have as much fat as
others cook this down until the fat
renders and it becomes nice and crispy
while my pancetta is cooking and my
pasta is boiling away I'm just gonna
make the sauce real quick and it's very
simple so into a bowl add the eggs and
lightly whisk them then take that
freshly grated Parmesan cheese and add
that in along with several grates of
freshly ground black pepper now this is
another really important part of the
recipe it just really makes a big
difference in the way this is gonna
taste and then if you're gonna be using
the heavy cream now's the time to add it
if not then you're skipping this part
and then just go ahead and whisk the
whole thing together until it's really
thoroughly combined
and that's it that is your sauce right
there and this is gonna be wonderful so
now I think everything's just about done
so we're to get over there and throw the
whole thing together now your pancetta
is nice and brown and all the fat has
rendered take that finely minced garlic
and throw that into the pan and just
give that a nice spin around you're just
gonna cook this for about 30 seconds
just until it becomes very fragrant you
don't want to brown it this is gonna add
loads of flavor to this pasta before you
take the pasta out of the pot grab about
1/3 of a cup of the pasta water and set
that aside now my pasta is done I like
to take it directly from the pot and I'm
gonna put it right into the pan
yes like that and I do that because I
like that little bit of extra water in
there I think it helps to keep the pasta
from being too dry and toss the pasta to
thoroughly coat it with all the fat in
the pan take the pasta and pour it right
into this nice Bowl look at all that
beautiful pancetta in there it smells
amazing so now I'm gonna finish the
whole thing up so I have this piping hot
pasta here and it was al dente so now
it's continuing to cook in there and I
have the sauce that we already made and
this little bit of hot pasta water so
I'm gonna take this hot pasta water and
I'm gonna pour about half of it right
into my egg and cheese mixture just like
this and I'm tempering the eggs with
this hot water because when I put this
sauce into my spaghetti I don't want the
eggs to scramble and this is gonna make
it a little extra creamy too so just
about half of that is enough to warm it
up a little bit so now pour it right
into the pasta just like this look at
that it's beautiful and creamy and then
go ahead and toss it around now you want
to be quick about it cuz the piping hot
pasta is cooking those eggs making this
really creamy sauce now it looks a
little bit wet right now but that pasta
is gonna go and absorb a lot of this
sauce so you're just gonna get
everything really thoroughly coated so
now I have a little bit of fresh parsley
here so I'm just gonna go ahead and just
chop this off real quick and now we're
just gonna plate this so get your
serving bowl and go ahead and put that
in there and a nice mound look at that
with a beautiful pancetta in there and
now a few extra grates of freshly ground
black pepper just right over the top
just like that I also like to put a
little bit of extra fresh Parmesan
cheese on there oh this is like a killer
dish look at that that's gorgeous and
then to finish it off just a little
of this fresh parsley and now it's time
to take a bite right in there with all
that pancetta that's where I want to be
look at that
mmm garlic that smoky pancetta the
pepper the Parmesan cheese for those few
simple ingredients that you put into
this dish it gives you a huge payoff go
get the recipe on my website
edition with DICOM and I hope I made
your life a little easier more enjoyable
and delicious
I'll see you next time bye now